Hi

I have attended Flipkart - SDE Mobile position interview on 16th April 2020.  There were total five rounds for this position
and each round was too challenging.  These rounds were:-
1. MC Round   
2. PS Round   
3.Android Tech Round  
4.Design Round  
5.HM Round etc. 

####Basic Skills Needed###.
1. Core Java 
2. Sqlite 
3. UI designing
4. Server API

Round 1 (Machine Coding(MC)  90 minutes) : The assessment consisted to develop a small android application working solution within time and this problem will be given by the company.

Expectations

Demoable code
Clear Separation of Concerns (Good Class Design)
Functional Correctness and Completeness
Readability
Modularity and Extensibility
Exception handling

Round 2(Problem Solving(PC) 60 minutes):  This round will focus on your problem solving skills and knowledge of common data-structures. You will be given a problem statement (real-world or algorithmic) and you will need to provide a solution in the form of pseudo-code.

Expectations

Ability to identify problem type and apply conventionally known techniques to solve them.
Usage of optimal Data Structures for the problem statement
Good understanding of Time and Space complexity
Identify edge cases and boundary conditions of the problem
Ability to test the correctness of solution 

 Round 3(Android Tech Round  60 minutes): The purpose of this round is to understand your knowledge and understanding of Android.

Expectations

Write something here
Understanding of Android Pillars like Activity, Service, Content Providers, Broadcast Receiver.
Good understanding of Android Architecture.
Multithreading concepts.
Lifecycle of Android components. When to use which component.
DB handling.
Performance measurement & debugging.
Usage of ADB command.
Network Understanding and good to have tool knowledge like Charles.
Testing Frameworks.

 Round 4(System Design  60 minutes):  Given a well-defined problem statement, you will need to convert Product Requirements into a working design. This will be a very open-ended conversation about how we build complex features or design entirely new products from scratch.

Expectations

Ability to design and plan a product/feature independently
Prioritisation of features/tasks
System design and architecture for this product’s implementation
Design APIs and/or interfaces for the various pieces
Design network layer for the problem: Decide when to make what calls
Design database layer for the problem with right schema
Use performant UI components that fit the use-case
Ability to go deep into some features and look at factors like product decisions,
limitations etc amongst many others

 Round 5(Managerial, HR  60 minutes) :  This is the last round between HR or any higher authority of the company and candidate.